I saw a dream
It’s hard to get over with a dream. A dream that you barely see. A dream that leaves you speechless and thoughtless, yet thoughts are provoked deeply. Most of the time, you don’t even dream. And when you do, it moves your mind and sometimes your heart.
Maybe dreams are the portal to our long-standing hopes and wishes that you never quite got to achieve in your real life.
The Desert
I saw a desert.
A desert so vast — you just can’t make out the direction where your life is headed.
A desert so cold — it freezes your heart; the heart that pounds for someone else.
A desert so dry — it drains all the emotions from your heart.
Yes, I saw a deserted desert, an abandoned misfit.
The Me
I saw me.
The me that lacks imagination.
The dumber me that’s hopelessly in love with someone.
And the dumbest me that has no idea how he’s deserted like that desert.
The Flower
I saw a flower.
A flower in the middle of a desert.
A flower so surreal — the beauty of which is incomprehensible.
A flower so beautiful — the fragrance of which hypnotyzes you.
A flower so happy — it is one of a kind.
And, a flower so sad — it is lonely in the vast abandoned place
A desert, a flower and me — A deadly combo
My only wish is to pluck that flower and give it to someone else for whom I may not matter, if not the least.
I keep on moving towards the radiance of the flower, for I am still in hypnosis.
I reach to pluck it from the superimposed roots — a mixed emotions of sadness, happiness, terror and bliss.
I pause. I think. I decide.
I rush back to the place where I see this person I love. I take the person to this flower. And this is the gift to that person — a flower.
A Gift
The flower is a gift. The desert is a canvas.
I can’t pluck a flower for merely a recreation purpose for it’s the only thing that has been painting the whole desert.
The Awakening
Just as I provide the gift to the person to see her smile; the smile of whom is my salvation, I wake up.
It’s strange that I never plucked that flower neither got to see her smile. Maybe, just like that flower that was never meant to be unrooted from the vast canvas, I wasn’t meant to be with her.
Maybe, the emotions are the culprit for lesser good.
Maybe, love is not meant to be for me.
For I am me. The me of which lacks perspective. The dream of which renders me hopeless. But hope kills, hope lies. Not the least, I am just me. The me that has fallen in love with someone who don’t really care my existence.
For my existence is the only thing where this beautiful dream is surmounted.
